README.md, before:

# React 3D Button - Demo & Documentation

This is the official demo and documentation website for [react-3d-button](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button).

## 🚀 Live Demo

**[View Live Demo →](https://react-3d-button-demo.vercel.app/)**

Or run locally: http://localhost:3000

## 📦 What's Inside

- **Interactive Examples**: Try all button variants, sizes, and states
- **Theme Showcase**: Preview all 5 pre-built themes (Ocean, Sunset, Forest, Pirate, Neon)
- **Custom Theme Builder**: Live color picker to create your own theme
- **Code Examples**: Copy-paste ready code snippets with syntax highlighting
- **Feature Documentation**: Complete API reference and usage guides

## 🛠️ Built With

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **React 19** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Styling
- **react-3d-button** - The button component library
- **react-syntax-highlighter** - Code syntax highlighting
- **lucide-react** - Beautiful icons

## 🏃‍♂️ Running Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
react-3d-button-demo/
├── app/
│   ├── page.tsx          # Home page with examples
│   ├── themes/
│   │   └── page.tsx      # Theme showcase and customization
│   ├── layout.tsx        # Root layout
│   └── globals.css       # Global styles
├── components/
│   ├── CodeBlock.tsx     # Syntax highlighted code blocks
│   └── FeatureCard.tsx   # Feature display cards
└── public/               # Static assets
```

## 🎨 Features

### Interactive Examples

- All 9 button variants (primary, secondary, tertiary, success, error, warning, info, anchor, danger)
- 3 sizes (small, medium, large)
- Ripple effects, active states, disabled states
- Counter and toggle examples

### Theme System

- 5 pre-built themes ready to use
- Live theme switcher to preview all themes
- Interactive color picker for custom themes
- Real-time CSS variable override demonstration

### Code Examples

- Syntax highlighted code blocks
- One-click copy functionality
- Examples for all use cases
- Both CSS and inline style approaches

## 🔗 Links

- **NPM Package**: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/boranfurkan/react-3d-button

## 📝 License

MIT - See [LICENSE](../react-3d-button/LICENSE)

## 👨‍💻 Author

**Furkan Boran**

- GitHub: [@boranfurkan](https://github.com/boranfurkan)
- NPM: [react-3d-button](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button)

## 🙏 Credits

Inspired by [react-awesome-button](https://github.com/rcaferati/react-awesome-button) by Rafael Caferati.

---

Built with Next.js 15 and ❤️🤍

Commit message:

feat: Add toggle mode showcase and update to react-3d-button v1.1.0
- Add dedicated /toggle page with comprehensive examples
- Update homepage with toggle mode section
- Add Lucide React icons to toggle demonstrations
- Update metadata and SEO for toggle functionality
- Add sitemap.xml and robots.txt for better SEO
- Add FAQ section with structured data
- Update package dependency to react-3d-button ^1.1.0
- Update README with toggle mode features

README.md, after:

# React 3D Button - Demo & Documentation

This is the official demo and documentation website for [react-3d-button](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button) - a beautiful 3D button component with toggle mode for React and Next.js.

## 🚀 Live Demo

**[View Live Demo →](https://react-3d-button-demo.vercel.app/)**

Or run locally: http://localhost:3000

## 📦 What's Inside

- **Interactive Examples**: Try all button variants, sizes, and states
- **Toggle Mode Showcase**: Interactive toggle/switch examples with controlled and uncontrolled modes
- **Theme Showcase**: Preview all 5 pre-built themes (Ocean, Sunset, Forest, Pirate, Neon)
- **Custom Theme Builder**: Live color picker to create your own theme
- **Code Examples**: Copy-paste ready code snippets with syntax highlighting
- **Feature Documentation**: Complete API reference and usage guides

## 🛠️ Built With

- **Next.js 15** - React framework with App Router
- **React 19** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Tailwind CSS 4** - Styling
- **react-3d-button** - The button component library
- **react-syntax-highlighter** - Code syntax highlighting
- **lucide-react** - Beautiful icons

## 🏃‍♂️ Running Locally

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Open http://localhost:3000
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
react-3d-button-demo/
├── app/
│   ├── page.tsx          # Home page with examples
│   ├── toggle/
│   │   └── page.tsx      # Toggle mode examples and demos
│   ├── themes/
│   │   └── page.tsx      # Theme showcase and customization
│   ├── layout.tsx        # Root layout with SEO metadata
│   ├── sitemap.ts        # Dynamic sitemap generation
│   ├── robots.ts         # SEO robots configuration
│   └── globals.css       # Global styles
├── components/
│   ├── CodeBlock.tsx     # Syntax highlighted code blocks
│   ├── FeatureCard.tsx   # Feature display cards
│   └── FAQSection.tsx    # FAQ with structured data
└── public/               # Static assets
```

## 🎨 Features

### Interactive Examples

- All 9 button variants (primary, secondary, tertiary, success, error, warning, info, anchor, danger)
- 3 sizes (small, medium, large)
- Ripple effects, active states, disabled states
- Counter examples
- **Toggle Mode**: Comprehensive toggle/switch examples with state management demos

### Toggle Mode Features

- Controlled and uncontrolled toggle modes
- Settings panel examples (notifications, dark mode, wifi)
- All button variants as toggles
- Icon integration with Lucide React
- Smooth animations without flash on mount

### Theme System

- 5 pre-built themes ready to use
- Live theme switcher to preview all themes
- Interactive color picker for custom themes
- Real-time CSS variable override demonstration

### Code Examples

- Syntax highlighted code blocks
- One-click copy functionality
- Examples for all use cases
- Both CSS and inline style approaches

## 🔗 Links

- **NPM Package**: https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/boranfurkan/react-3d-button

## 📝 License

MIT - See [LICENSE](../react-3d-button/LICENSE)

## 👨‍💻 Author

**Furkan Boran**

- GitHub: [@boranfurkan](https://github.com/boranfurkan)
- NPM: [react-3d-button](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-3d-button)

## 🙏 Credits

Inspired by [react-awesome-button](https://github.com/rcaferati/react-awesome-button) by Rafael Caferati.

---

Built with Next.js 15 and ❤️🤍
